CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thanks for wanting to be a part of this Laravel package! This is a simple and standard guide to assist in how to contribute to this project.

## How can I help?

Well, you can:

+ Tackle any [open issues](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/issues)
+ Help review [pull requests](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/pulls)
+ [Update documentation](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki) in our wiki
+ And more!

You don't have to be a superstar, or someone with experience, you can just dive in and help if you feel you can.


## Adding a new feature?

Its best to:

1. Fork the repository (see adding upstream below)
2. Create a branch such as `cool-new-feature`
3. Create your code
4. Create and run successfull tests (see testing below)
5. Submit a pull request

## Found a bug?

Its best to:

1. Ensure the bug was not already reported by [searching all issues](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/issues?q=).
2. If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a new one.
    * Be sure to include a title and clear description, as much relevant information as possible.

## Tackling an open issue?

Its best to:

1. Fork the repository (see adding upstream below)
2. Create a branch such as `issue-(issuenumber)-fix`
3. Create your code
4. Create and run successfull tests (see testing below)
5. Submit a pull request
6. Comment on the issue

## Misc

### Adding upstream

If you're forking the repository and wish to keep your copy up-to-date with the master, ensure you run this command:

`git remote add upstream git@github.com:ohmybrew/laravel-shopify.git`

You can then update by simply running:

`git checkout master && git pull upstream master`

### Running tests

We use PHPUnit to run tests. Simply run `composer install` and a symlink `phpunit` should be located in the `bin` directory.

Next, run `bin/phpunit` and the rest will be taken care of. Upon any pull requests and merges, TravisCI will check the code to ensure all test suites pass.

-----

Thats it! Enjoy.

Commit message:

Adjustments to markdown files, and fix to enable current coverage to be complete and tests to pass

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thanks for wanting to be a part of this Laravel package! This is a simple and standard guide to assist in how to contribute to this project.

## How can I help?

Well, you can:

+ Tackle any [open issues](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/issues)
+ Help review [pull requests](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/pulls)
+ [Update documentation](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/wiki) in our wiki
+ And more!

You don't have to be a superstar, or someone with experience, you can just dive in and help if you feel you can.

## Adding a new feature?

Its best to:

1. Fork the repository (see adding upstream below)
2. Create a branch such as `cool-new-feature`
3. Create your code
4. Create and run successfull tests (see testing below)
5. Submit a pull request

## Found a bug?

Its best to:

1. Ensure the bug was not already reported by [searching all issues](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify/issues?q=).
2. If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a new one.
    * Be sure to include a title and clear description, as much relevant information as possible.

## Tackling an open issue?

Its best to:

1. Fork the repository (see adding upstream below)
2. Create a branch such as `issue-(issuenumber)-fix`
3. Create your code
4. Create and run successfull tests (see testing below)
5. Submit a pull request
6. Comment on the issue

## Misc

### Adding upstream

If you're forking the repository and wish to keep your copy up-to-date with the master, ensure you run this command:

`git remote add upstream git@github.com:ohmybrew/laravel-shopify.git`

You can then update by simply running:

`git checkout master && git pull upstream master`

### Running tests

We use PHPUnit to run tests. Simply run `composer install` and a symlink `phpunit` should be located in the `bin` directory.

Next, run `bin/phpunit` and the rest will be taken care of. Upon any pull requests and merges, TravisCI will check the code to ensure all test suites pass.

For quicker tests, be sure to disable coverage with `bin/php --no-coverage`.

-----

Thats it! Enjoy.
